s_games
l_https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Enot-Enot-test/eenot-store/main/games/eenot/bashni-eenotii/main.png eenot//bashni-eenotii
l_https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Enot-Enot-test/eenot-store/main/games/eenot/podzemele-eenota/main.png eenot//podzemele-eenota
l_https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Enot-Enot-test/eenot-store/main/games/eenot/eenot-store/main.png eenot//eenot-store
w_2.5
s_game-page
l_https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Enot-Enot-test/eenot-store/main/graphics/fon.png d//fon
l_https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Enot-Enot-test/eenot-store/main/graphics/download.png d//download
l_https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Enot-Enot-test/eenot-store/main/graphics/back.png d//back
l_https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Enot-Enot-test/eenot-store/main/graphics/status-default.png status//default
l_https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Enot-Enot-test/eenot-store/main/graphics/status-develop.png status//develop
l_https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Enot-Enot-test/eenot-store/main/graphics/status-skoro.png status//skoro
l_https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Enot-Enot-test/eenot-store/main/games/eenot/bashni-eenotii/icon.png icon//eenot//bashni-eenotii
l_https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Enot-Enot-test/eenot-store/main/games/eenot/bashni-eenotii/name.png name//eenot//bashni-eenotii
l_https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Enot-Enot-test/eenot-store/main/games/eenot/bashni-eenotii/detalis.png detalis//eenot//bashni-eenotii
l_https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Enot-Enot-test/eenot-store/main/games/eenot/bashni-eenotii/screens/1.png screens//1//eenot//bashni-eenotii
l_https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Enot-Enot-test/eenot-store/main/games/eenot/bashni-eenotii/screens/2.png screens//2//eenot//bashni-eenotii
l_https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Enot-Enot-test/eenot-store/main/games/eenot/bashni-eenotii/screens/3.png screens//3//eenot//bashni-eenotii
l_https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Enot-Enot-test/eenot-store/main/games/eenot/bashni-eenotii/updates.png updates//eenot//bashni-eenotii
l_https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Enot-Enot-test/eenot-store/main/games/eenot/podzemele-eenota/icon.png icon//eenot//podzemele-eenota
l_https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Enot-Enot-test/eenot-store/main/games/eenot/podzemele-eenota/name.png name//eenot//podzemele-eenota
l_https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Enot-Enot-test/eenot-store/main/games/eenot/podzemele-eenota/detalis.png detalis//eenot//podzemele-eenota
l_https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Enot-Enot-test/eenot-store/main/games/eenot/podzemele-eenota/screens/1.png screens//1//eenot//podzemele-eenota
l_https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Enot-Enot-test/eenot-store/main/games/eenot/podzemele-eenota/screens/2.png screens//2//eenot//podzemele-eenota
l_https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Enot-Enot-test/eenot-store/main/games/eenot/podzemele-eenota/screens/3.png screens//3//eenot//podzemele-eenota
l_https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Enot-Enot-test/eenot-store/main/games/eenot/podzemele-eenota/updates.png updates//eenot//podzemele-eenota
l_https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Enot-Enot-test/eenot-store/main/games/eenot/eenot-store/icon.png icon//eenot//eenot-store
l_https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Enot-Enot-test/eenot-store/main/games/eenot/eenot-store/name.png name//eenot//eenot-store
l_https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Enot-Enot-test/eenot-store/main/games/eenot/eenot-store/detalis.png detalis//eenot//eenot-store
l_https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Enot-Enot-test/eenot-store/main/games/eenot/eenot-store/screens/1.png screens//1//eenot//eenot-store
l_https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Enot-Enot-test/eenot-store/main/games/eenot/eenot-store/screens/2.png screens//2//eenot//eenot-store
l_https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Enot-Enot-test/eenot-store/main/games/eenot/eenot-store/screens/3.png screens//3//eenot//eenot-store
l_https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Enot-Enot-test/eenot-store/main/games/eenot/eenot-store/updates.png updates//eenot//eenot-store
l_https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Enot-Enot-test/eenot-store/main/games/eenot/bitva-bashen/icon.png icon//eenot//bitva-bashen
l_https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Enot-Enot-test/eenot-store/main/games/eenot/bitva-bashen/name.png name//eenot//bitva-bashen
l_https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Enot-Enot-test/eenot-store/main/games/eenot/bitva-bashen/detalis.png detalis//eenot//bitva-bashen
l_https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Enot-Enot-test/eenot-store/main/games/eenot/bitva-bashen/screens/1.png screens//1//eenot//bitva-bashen
l_https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Enot-Enot-test/eenot-store/main/games/eenot/bitva-bashen/screens/2.png screens//2//eenot//bitva-bashen
l_https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Enot-Enot-test/eenot-store/main/games/eenot/bitva-bashen/screens/3.png screens//3//eenot//bitva-bashen
l_https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Enot-Enot-test/eenot-store/main/games/eenot/bitva-bashen/updates.png updates//eenot//bitva-bashen
w_2.5
s_news
l_https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Enot-Enot-test/eenot-store/main/graphics/news/text.png news
w_2.5
